[5.11.0] Update sections with callback regex configuration (#3715)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/configuring-user-name-recovery.md

	-	**Username recovery**
	-	**Manage notifications sending internally**

	<img src="../../assets/img/learn/user-name-recovery-options.png" alt="User Name Recover options" width="600" style="border:1px solid grey">		

	!!! note

>         - The recommended  **Recovery callback URL regex** to use when testing the product is `^https:\/\/localhost:9443\/.*`. But user should modify it meet their requirements when they are deploying the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The recommended  **Recovery callback URL regex** to use when testing the product is `^https:\/\/localhost:9443\/.*`. But users should modify it to meet their requirements when they deploy the product.
```
